> ### Notice
> *Before you continue, this is the* **ANDROID** *library. If you have an* **iOS** *device, please go here instead*:
> – https://github.com/danielgindi/Charts
> 

# How to contribute

## Creating Issues
There are two main issue templates, one for bugs and another for feature requests. Please use them! You're issue will be much easier to understand, and bugs easier to fix, if you follow the templates. If your issue doesn't fit into those, just use the generic template.
Search existing [issues] to see if your bug has already been reported or if a feature request already exists. Don't forget to remove `is:open` so you see all the issues! If you find that one already exists, use reactions to show how much you care!

## Making Pull Requests
Careful! If you fail to follow these guidlines, you're pull request may be closed, *even if it's really awesome*. 
  1. **Fork** the repository
  1. **Create** a new branch based on `master`, and name it according to your changes
  1. ???
  1. Profit :money_with_wings:
  

## Commit Style

  * **Make commits of logical units**  
  Don't load your commits with tons of changes, this makes it hard to follow what is happening. However, if you have done a lot of work, and there are commits and merges all over the place, squash them down into fewer commits.
  
  * **Conform to the code style**  
  It's easy, just look around!
  
  You may prefer [Tim Pope's style], you might like the [commitizen-friendly] way. Regardless of the color you pick, you MUST stay within the lines!  
  ```
The commit title CANNOT exceed 50 characters
if many were made, or maybe some trickery that only code wizards can
understand.

Be polite and wrap your lines to 72 characters, but if you prefer going
to 100 characters then I guess we can't stop you.
```

## Final Notes
Thanks for reading the contributing file! Have some cake! :cake:

[issues]: https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart/issues
[pull requests]: https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart/pulls
[GitHub Desktop]: https://desktop.github.com/
[commitizen-friendly]: https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli
